Split ios sdk pages (#13379)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/ios/index.mdx

Reviewer: Since this is now about installation, this doesn't seem like such a good intro, maybe we could tweak to give more details about the different docs pages that exist now?

> This library uses an internal queue to make calls fast and non-blocking. It also batches requests and flushes asynchronously, making it perfect to use in any part of your mobile app.

---

> title: iOS SDK installation

Reviewer: Naming it this impact this page: https://posthog-git-split-ios-sdk-post-hog.vercel.app/docs/getting-started/install?tab=sdks

<IOSInstall />

## Next steps

Now that you've installed the SDK, explore the configuration and usage options:

- [Learn about usage](/docs/libraries/ios/usage)

> - [Learn about configuration options](/docs/libraries/ios/config)

Reviewer: Could we be a bit more information with these links?
```suggestion
- [Learn about using all of the features of PostHog with iOS SDK](/docs/libraries/ios/usage)
- [Learn about configuration options for the iOS SDK](/docs/libraries/ios/configuration)
```

- Fragmented user journeys
- Difficulty tracking feature adoption across your app ecosystem

> ### Setting up app groups

Author: sure can
